Hello. This a log of my notes (Ryan Marshall).

Record 1: boolean state for stats
---
Problem: We need to split certain stats into qualitative and quantitative data (hrs per week vs. difficulty level)

Solution: A scrollable carousel at the top of the stats that renders quantitative data. Qualitative data will use the sliding bar and will have no units
Think of it as a scale vs. a integer metric- Milo made a good point that stats exist such that they would require a 'per' to describe them (Miles per hour,
hours per week).

Main challenge: Styling things correctly by making the carousel, adding an event listener for horizontal scrolling, changing how the data is read and the route
that posts the data, as well as the interface to switch between a unit measurement and a scalable measurement.

Record 2: How to request data for the weekly view
---
Problem: We need to request and map all the events for the monthly calendar but there are two many events and days to do the apping for the whole year. 

Solution: Only request the events for the current, previous, and next month to ensure seemless loading. We will request the next month in whatever direction we 
move in. EX:

Start with the month of May: 
Request June events
Request April event (empty bc theyre no events in the past you can see unless we make a change)

Move one month in the future:
June becomes the current viewable month
May becomes the previous month
Request July events

Move one month backwards:
May becomes the current viewable month
June becomes the next month
Request April events

Main challenge: Mapping events to each month in the browser. Also 3 requests at once.

Record 3: implementation plan for generated links for club owners to gain access to their pages respectfully.

Problem: In order to gain users, we need to create a way for club owners (at Northeastern for now) to gain access to their pages before
we go live officially. This will be temporary before we switch to a more automated and permenant way for people to gain access to
permissions

This is being developed in tandem with different member designations too, so we need a way to figure out what member type gets what 
permissions. 
In my head, it would ideally go like this: 
Leader: has edit permissions
Eboard: Some have edit permissions (like social media, outreach, recruiting, or webmaster).
Regular members: no access whatsoever.

Solution: Similar to general member invites, this type of invite will only be able to be sent out by either us or other people with
access to page editing (we can also alter permissions for the club page owner so they can control who gets the ability to post,
edit the page, and share the link, too). This link will be privately generated by us, and then made availible by request for 
anyone who asks (after personal verification, of course).

TODO LATER: HAVE A MANGAEMENT TAB FOR MEMBERS SO THEY CAN BE ADDED, REMOVED, AND HAVE ALTERED PERMISSIONS.

Main challenge: making sure everything is secure and that the link can be disabled whenever, as well as permissions be revoked for
people at the discretion of the club leaders.

